The problem may have originally been caused by a stray async neighborScripts without await.
This caused it to deploy while public/-/ was deleted, and this made cloudflare cache some do-not-serve flag
But re-deploy was not always enough to fix it. (But sometimes it was enough.)

I'm avoiding the frequently-offered "fix" of replacing the 404 line in index.ts 
    with a delegation to assets.
    I don't want to mask the problem and risk running my worker on every request 
    from around the globe. I want to try other things first. 
    
Here are the main possibilities in my mind, starting with the one I plan to try first (Apr 18):

running wrangler deploy when there are no other changes to deploy
    may cause cloudflare to realize that the public/-/ files really are intended to be deployed
    update: I just tried this; still got 'Read 1284' and 'No updated asset files to upload' and 404s.

wrangler/cloudflare may be respecting my .gitignore somehow
moving .assetsignore to the root may cause it to have more priority
    this was from Gemini
    Claude says wrong, it should stay in public
making .assetsignore truly empty may cause it to have more priority
    update: tried this; same deploy output; no more 404s

Fixed for now Apr 18, but suspicious there may be some randomness here, I'm watching carefully
    to see what I may do that may trigger the problem again, as it happened many times over the 
    past few days.

Yep it happened again Apr 18, and I'm not sure why. 
    We made debug script and browser script use shared code.
    We made css change for script input.
    I deployed with pre-deploy for shell app css change, 
    did not deploy to r2 though it wants it due to shell app css change
    checked and the early results were good (Matthew 5 took a few moments, but eventually it showed up)
    Claude says there were other deploys in there (though I don't recall)
    Later, I got 404s. 
    Claude wants to try ensuring that public/.assetsignore always has a '\n'
        so it doesn't get treated as non-existent
    I want to try a monitoring process to alert as soon as it happens.

all else fails, adding a separate deploy line to pre-deploy that points 
    specifically to public/-/ could cause wrangler/cloudflare to ignore the .gitignore
cloudflare could be caching the rule to not serve the chapter pages it has, 
    causing the logs to say 'Read 1284' and '1210 already uploaded' but then not serve those files
the cache can perhaps be cleared in the cloudflare dashboard or 
    by arbitrarily introducing a throw-away file into public/-/
    Claude: in the Cloudflare dashboard you can purge cache for servewell.net/-/* 
    by going to Caching → Cache Rules → Purge Cache.